Rewrite `Generating SessionSigs` Guide (#295)
LIT-Protocol/docs: docs/sdk/authentication/session-sigs/get-session-sigs.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

import FeedbackComponent from "@site/src/pages/feedback.md";

# Generating Session Signatures

> [Session signatures](./intro.md) can be obtained using the [getSessionSigs](https://v5.api-docs.getlit.dev/classes/lit_node_client_src.LitNodeClientNodeJs.html#getSessionSigs) method provided by the Lit SDK. This method will generate a _session keypair_ for you locally, and will use the `authNeededCallback` method you specify to sign the session keypair, authorizing it to use the specified [Lit Resources and Abilities](./resources-and-abilities.md) on the Lit network.

Reviewer: I think we need to refer to the V6 doc? also we need to think how do we update them automatically in the future. eg. we can use a url shortener/self-host service that can redirect & track all the ref links, and update them all at once.

eg.
`bit.ly/v5-doc -> https://v5-foo.getlit.dev`

later when we want to update:
`bit.ly/v5-doc -> https://v5-bar.getlit.dev`

```suggestion
[Session signatures](./intro.md) can be obtained using the [getSessionSigs](https://v6-api-doc-lit-js-sdk.vercel.app/classes/lit_node_client_src.LitNodeClientNodeJs.html#getSessionSigs) method provided by the Lit SDK. This method will generate a _session keypair_ for you locally, and will use the `authNeededCallback` method you specify to sign the session keypair, authorizing it to use the specified [Lit Resources and Abilities](./resources-and-abilities.md) on the Lit network.
```

Reviewer 2: yea we should do something like this. good idea @Ansonhkg

Below we will walk through an example of generating session signatures, the full code implementation can be found [here](https://github.com/LIT-Protocol/developer-guides-code/blob/wyatt/get-session-sigs-via-auth-sig/get-session-sigs-via-auth-sig/nodejs).

## Prerequisites

Before continuing with this guide, you should have an understanding of:

- [Session Signatures](../../authentication/session-sigs/intro.md)
- [Lit Capacity Credits](../../../sdk/capacity-credits.md)
- [Lit Resources and Abilities](./resources-and-abilities.md)

This guide also has a dependency on the following packages:

- `"@lit-protocol/auth-helpers": "^6.0.0-beta.3"`
- `"@lit-protocol/constants": "^6.0.0-beta.3"`

> - `"@lit-protocol/lit-node-client": "^6.0.0-beta.3"`

Reviewer 2: This is now `beta.4` perhaps we use a script to update these package versions so we can run it once and update all docs pages to the latest package build.

So, some of the below code snippets will show different implementations based on whether you intend to use the code on `cayenne` or `habanero`/`manzano` networks.

## Specifying an Ethereum Private Key

Our first step will be to specify what Etheruem private key we will use to provide the Authorization Signature for our Session Keys:

```ts
const ETHEREUM_PRIVATE_KEY = process.env.ETHEREUM_PRIVATE_KEY;
```

If you're intending to use the `cayenne` network, this can be any Ethereum wallet.

If you're intending to use the `habanero` or `manzano` networks, the corresponding Ethereum address for the private key should have minted Capacity Credits to pay for the request to the Lit network to generate the Session Signatures (please see the [Capacity Credits](../../../sdk/capacity-credits.md) docs for more info on minting Capacity Credits).

## Instantiating an Ethers.js Wallet

> Next we'll use our `ETHEREUM_PRIVATE_KEY` constant to instantiate an instance of `ethers.Wallet`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next we'll use our `ETHEREUM_PRIVATE_KEY` constant to instantiate an instance of `ethers.Wallet`:

> **Note:** When working with Ethereum, you can use various blockchain clients or libraries (such as ethers.js, viem, etc.) to manage your private key and sign messages. As long as the chosen class or library has a `signMessage` function, it can be used effectively. 
```

### `resourceAbilityRequests`

As mentioned previously, [Lit Resources and Abilities](./resources-and-abilities.md) are used to define what our Session Signature is allowing our Session Keys to do on the Lit network.

There are two parts to each ability request:

#### `resource`

This property is defining what Lit Resource we're granting the `ability` for. Each Lit Resource takes a resource identifier as an argument. You can pass `"*"` like so:

```ts
new LitPKPResource("*")
```

to grant an `ability` to all resources owned by the Ethereum address that authorized the request to generate Session Signatures for the Session Keys. In the case of this example, that would be the address corresponding to our `ETHEREUM_PRIVATE_KEY` constant (that we created an Ethers.js wallet for).

Or you can specify a specific identifier for each resource as shown in the code snippets below.

The available Lit Resource options are:

##### `LitAccessControlConditionResource`

Imported from the `@lit-protocol/auth-helpers` package:

```ts
import { LitAccessControlConditionResource } from "@lit-protocol/auth-helpers";
```

> This resource specifies a Lit Access Control Conditions (ACC) the `ability` is being granted for. Specifying `"*"` grants the `ability` to any ACC, regardless of what the conditions are. To grant the `ability` for a specific ACC, you can specify the hashed key value of the ACC in place of `"*"` like so:

Author: @joshLong145 @Ansonhkg How do I get the hashed key value of the ACC to give to `LitAccessControlConditionResource` when setting `resourceAbilityRequests` for a Session Sig?

Reviewer: in the `LitAccessControlConditionResource` class there's a public static method called `generateResourceString` which `Composes a resource string by hashing access control conditions and appending a data hash.`

So:
```ts
const accsResourceString =
  await LitAccessControlConditionResource.generateResourceString(
    accs,
    encryptRes.dataToEncryptHash
  );

const resourceAbilityRequests = [
{
        resource: new LitAccessControlConditionResource(accsResourceString),
        ability: LitAbility.AccessControlConditionDecryption,
}];
```

<!-- TODO How to get the hashed key value of the ACC -->

```ts
new LitAccessControlConditionResource("")
```

##### `LitPKPResource`

Imported from the `@lit-protocol/auth-helpers` package:

```ts
import { LitPKPResource } from "@lit-protocol/auth-helpers";
```

This resource specifies what Lit Programmable Key Pair (PKP) the `ability` is being granted for. Specifying `"*"` grants the `ability` for all PKPs. To grant the `ability` for a specific PKP, you can specify the token ID of the PKP in place of `"*"` like so:

> 

Reviewer 2: Should we warn that `*` permissions are basically no permissions? Since we will allow any pkp to use it if configured like this?

```ts
new LitRLIResource("42")
```

##### `LitActionResource`

Imported from the `@lit-protocol/auth-helpers` package:

```ts
import { LitActionResource } from "@lit-protocol/auth-helpers";
```

This resource specifies what Lit Actions the `ability` is being granted for. Specifying `"*"` grants the `ability` for all Lit Actions, regardless of who created them. To grant the `ability` for a specific Lit Action, you can specify an IPFS Content Identifier (CID) in place of `"*"` like so:

```ts
new LitActionResource("QmX8bs6vhiFvwgYS39ZqDW421D1885n3KNzqqwRhTPTP8e")
```

#### `ability`

`ability` is the second part of each Lit Resource Request, and it specifies what we're allowing the Session Keys to do with a Lit Resource.

Each available ability can be specified using the `LitAbility` `enum` which can be imported from the `@lit-protocol/auth-helpers` package:

```ts
import { LitAbility } from "@lit-protocol/auth-helpers";
```

The abilities available to grant are:

- `AccessControlConditionDecryption` This grants the ability to decrypt some Lit encrypted data if the Access Control Conditions are satisfied
<!-- TODO Is this correct? -->

> - `AccessControlConditionSigning` This grants the ability to sign data using threshold signing by the Lit nodes in the network if the Access Control Conditions is satisfied.

Author: @joshLong145 I'm not sure if this statement is correct

Reviewer: @DashKash54 @hwrdtm can you confirm this?

Reviewer 2: I think this was used for `jwt` features hence `signing` being referred to but we should get confirmation
